# PersonalizedExercise

An Improved Version of College Mathmatics Learning-in-process System of NEU(China).

Compared to the official version, this program has the following differences.

+ Personalized Exercise: Questions that has been answered correctly will be eliminated from future exercises. In order to re-exercise, delete the file OkayChoice at the program directory.
+ Offline Exercise: You can sync question bank to your PC, after that you'll be able to exercise offline.
+ Print: You can print your test paper to PDF, in case you would like to share it with your phone or others.
+ Real Simulate Exam: You can exercise with you real test questions. This function is only available for ultimate version.

This program is part of the tool kit NEU Mathe.

## Usage

Download binary executive file from the [Release Page](https://github.com/NEU-mathe/PersonalizedExercise/releases).

Enjoy!

## Tips

The options of each question in test paper generated by this program are **disorganized randomly**.
If you would like to have a quicker access to your answers, use [AMCaltor](https://github.com/NEU-mathe/AMCaltor) instead.

Exercise **online** is available now! [Try](http://neumathe.online)!

## Contribute

This series of tools do not have a specified person or team to maintain, developers ususally spare no time on it since they don't use it anymore. Thus, we are in an urgent need of your contribution. Contribute by fork and pull request to promote human emancipation. Thanks and have a good day.